# Movie-App
My code combines HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript to construct a Movie App web page. This web page is designed to fetch and display information from The Movie Database (TMDb) API about the top movies from each of the four categories: popular, upcoming, top-rated, and now-playing movies. To make this possible, I defined several functions. Specific functions are responsible for fetching information about movies from each category. These functions use the fetch API to communicate with the TMDb API by sending requests to TMDb, asking for information about movies from each category. Additionally, specific functions are responsible for displaying information about movies from each category on the webpage. Once we receive the data from TMDb, these functions display the information on the webpage by displaying movie cards on the web page. These cards include movie titles, overviews where they limit the length of overviews to 100 characters to ensure they fit within the card, and poster images fetched from the TMDb. A function was responsible for displaying only the top 6 movies from each category on the webpage as well. CSS was responsible for the font size of the overview in the movie cards.
Bootstrap was responsible for controlling the layout and spacing of elements, such as movie cards, on the webpage, ensuring they are evenly spread out and preventing overlap. Additionally, the Bootstrap was used to apply styles, such as controlling the appearance and layout of elements like navigation bars, headings, and other components throughout the page. Finally, the HTML code is responsible for structuring the webpage's content, including elements like the title, headings, navigation bars, containers, and more.
